Why don't you wear clothes?
Who showers and dresses?
You? I mean
Why don't you put on your clothes after you wash?
I'm not used to sleeping in summer.
Don't you wear clothes?
You have to pay attention to the impact
There are lesbians in the room now
You lesbian
To sleep in the same bed as a bad guy like me
What impact do you pay attention to?
We're not a real couple
You sleep inside and I'll take it outside
You sleep first and I go in
This little guy is quite patient
It looks like it's going to go on forever
Slowly lure the mother and son who go deep to obtain information
But sugar-coated cannons don't have guts for me
Ah!
It's okay, you hit the south
Where did the people go in the morning?
How can I remember that he wasn't there last night?
Where can I go in the middle of the night?
What's the secret operation?